I did think about it before deciding,
but you weren't a part of that consideration.
But now, I am very concerned.
Should I quit then?
Pass.
I apologize.
I was afraid you were an idiot...
who can't get angry even if you are mistreated,
so I was testing you.
I'm surprised.
You know how to get angry,
and you came without your manager.
You're very different from what I had imagined.
I'm not saying that's bad. I'm saying I like it.
Look, we already know you're a total lunatic.
Were you...
testing me?
It wasn't really a test.
I just wanted to see what emotions you have.
You show zero emotions on your face.
When we're doing the show, there will be...
many unexpected situations.
I also wanted to see how well you speak.
So? How well do I speak?
Did I pass in that field?
Come on, guys. Stop that.
Ji Soo Ho.
I saw the contract you wrote.
I was in awe.
You're a professional.
No wonder you're a top star.
You're interested...
in the script and the guests.
You're a very detailed person.
I saw how engaged you are in your work.
Well?
Did I interpret correctly?
What if you did?
I knew it.
You're a professional.
Hey, Newbie.
Aren't you going to get your script lesson?
How can you drink?
- Right. - Bring it over.
Let's have an official planning meeting...
as professionals.
Let's do it. As professionals.
It'll be an overnight trip.
An overnight trip?
Yes.
If you won't go,
it'll be just Newbie and I.
That would be meaningless.
We're already stuck to each other all day.
(Art Gallery)
(Episode 4)
My house is on the second floor.
My house is over there.
Do production directors and writers live close...
in order to work these days?
There is a vacancy on the third floor.
Do you want to live close to us too?
Ji Soo Ho,
I look forward to getting really close tomorrow.
Newbie and I must go work all night.
All night?
Your demands are high per your contract.
We must be able to come up...
with a script you will agree to.
Let's go, Newbie.
I'll come up after I see him off.
Okay.
Hey.
Why do you keep calling her Newbie?
Isn't she the main writer now?
She'll always be a newbie to me.
Is it all right for you to drive?
Why wouldn't I be?
Well... Didn't you drink?
You had two shots.
No, Mr. Lee stole your shot.
While you were drinking one and a half shots,
I didn't have any.
I see.
Also, Mr. Lee might look bizarre,
but he's amazing. He's a talented man.
If you just trust him and follow...
Follow who?
Close the door, will you?
Okay.
Also, I'll come pick you up tomorrow.
I was strictly ordered to escort you.
Drive safe.
Why is he always so cranky with me?
Hey,
will it be like "One Night Two days"?
Will we play games?
Do we have to jump into the winter ocean?
- What? - You said...
the radio team is going on a trip.
I have to prepare myself.
What should I do for the talent show?
Why are you coming?
What?
A doctor and a patient should get close.
I decided to accompany you.
I plan on getting close with Song Geu Rim too.
- What? - Can you believe it?
Ji Soo Ho is going on an overnight trip.
Every time you make a grand decision,
Song Geu Rim is behind it.
What's the dress code for tomorrow?
Thank you.
That would be meaningless.
We're already stuck to each other all day.
My house is on the second floor.
My house is over there.
Newbie and I must go work all night.
They're spending the night together?
What am I doing?
Why do you have so much luggage?
Get in.
I'll take my car.
Great.
Hey,
you don't even know your way.
It won't show up on the GPS anyway.
Come on.
Hurry up.
So,
where are we going?
You'll see when you get there.
Ms. Song, where are we going?
To spend our "One Night Two Days"!
We're almost there.
"One Night Two Days"!
"One Night"...
Sorry.
Don't tell me we're taking that ferry.
Ji Soo Ho's...
- "One Night Two Days"! - "One Night Two Days"!
(We love you, Ji Soo Ho.)
("One Night Two Days" with Ji Soo Ho)
We love you.
Let's go together.
Do they sell this stuff?
- All right. - Welcome.
I think he kind of likes it.
Let's go.
Soo Ho,
do you have motion sickness?
You have been frowning,
and your face is pale.
I'm okay.
Have this.
Mr. Lee,
- are you okay? - Drink this.
Do we have a needle?
In here?
Here.
Gosh.
It's going to sting, okay?
All right.
Are you feeling better?
This side, please.
Why is Ji Soo Ho doing a radio show?
Do they know his weakness?
Why are you asking me?
Ask Ms. Nam.
Don't you know anything about that family?
Why do you think I would know,
Mr. Reporter?
I know you've been friends with Soo Ho for 10 years.
Ever since you were a child actress.
I was his manager ever since he was a child.
You can ask me.
What are you curious about?
Where is he right now?
Why won't he show up to events these days?
Could it be a family problem?
I've been hearing rumors.
Listen.
If you write stories...
according to every rumor you hear,
you will fall down hard just like back then.
Do you want us to break...
your one remaining wing?
There must be something big.
Big enough to break my wing.
Da Seul.
Yes?
How is it working with Soo Ho in the drama?
Is everything well?
Yes.
Let's have dinner soon.
All of us.
What do we do?
Let me hold it for a second.
- What? - What is this?
Hurry up and take it. Go on.
Why do you keep on tagging along?
Ms. Nam, Reporter An...
keeps on asking me questions.
He says that you have a show window family...
and asks me why Soo Ho isn't at events.
Things like that.
If I tell him everything I know,
that would make things awkward for you, right?
So when will you get me together with him?
We drove, then we rode a ferry.
Now, we're waiting two hours for a bus?
Why? For what?
There is only one ferry a day to this place.
The bus runs every two hours.
The beauty of waiting is key to radio philosophy.
Right now, we're experiencing it.
The heart of a radio show is the sound.
Did you know that, Soo Ho?
If we leave the city,
the sound around us changes completely.
Have you ever felt it?
I don't mean cars, alarms,
and keyboards. It's a sound...
you can only hear in nature.
Sounds only humans can make.
Radio is a place where such sounds are captured.
Soo Ho, we're almost there.
Hurry up. That's cold.
Are you serious?
I'll get you.
What is this?
Hey!
Namaste.
Stop it. Okay, we won't.
Stop it. We won't. I'm sorry.
Hey!
You want to play too, right?
- Isn't it nice? - Yes.
It's nice.
What is your strength?
- Face? - Smile?
- Acting? - In radio,
you don't need a face, and you shouldn't act.
Do you have anything else?
Let's unpack.
We'll have a meeting since it's Soo Ho's favorite.
Guys on this side, girls on that side.
Okay.
- Is this... - It's the men's room.
We'll spend the night here together.
No, my laptop bag!
Mr. Lee!
- What do we do? Mr. Lee! - My gosh.
What is it?
Mr. Lee, I think...
I left the laptop bag on the ferry.
And?
I'll go back to the dock to find it.
The script and research materials...
I'll come with you.
- Hun Jung, I'll go and... - No, no.
You can start the meeting without me.
Are you stupid?
Yes. Is this Chungwoon Dock?
Did anyone find a laptop bag?
You're not sure?
Seriously! There are no taxis here.
What do I do?
Excuse me! Sir!
Sir, wait.
Where are you going?
Are you going to the docks?
Could you drop me off somewhere nearby?
Or anywhere you're going?
Please, sir.
Get on then.
Thank you. Thank you.
Soo Ho.
Why...
You forgot your bag...
because you were too busy taking care of Mr. Lee.
Wait, sir. Hurry up and get off.
- The meeting... - It's a brown bag.
- It had a doll on it. - Yes.
Mr. Lee, are you okay?
I saw you get off without the bag.
And you didn't tell me?
Why are you coming with me?
To go home.
What?
Hey, Soo Ho.
How can you go home? There are no ferries.
Also, if you came to sleep over,
then you should stay.
Thank you.
You still haven't figured out where he is?
Not yet.
Proceed the meeting with director Kim Sang Soo.
The schedule will change if Soo Ho starts radio.
Will it be all right?
"Will it be all right?"
Did you just ask me that?
I treat you better than any other companies.
Why is it that I don't get the answers I want?
Both of you.
Keep an eye on Jin Tae Ri.
Report to me if you find anything. You can go.
Yes, ma'am.
If we don't want Soo Ho to do the radio show,
we can just make Song Geu Rim quit her job.
Did you figure out how to go about it?
From what I saw on the proposal,
there's a team competing against Soo Ho.
The writer's name was La La Hee, I think?
Gang's team went away for a planning retreat.
What about us?
What should our concept be?
Do you have any DJs or concepts in mind?
Obviously not.
Hey.
Do you not have any ability for planning...
or drive whatsoever?
Please,
address me properly.
Your old habits are still there.
Old habits? Should I talk about old habits?
Should I?
I've been looking at green things...
to calm my temper lately.
So let's not fight...
get along, okay?
Yes, hello?
JH?
(Tickets)
Excuse me. I left my laptop bag on the boat.
It's about 50cm by 30cm.
There's a cute doll dangling from it.
Yes. Just a minute.
- Here. - Thank you.
Are you sure there's only one boat a day?
Yes.
What if there's an emergency,
and you need to get off the island?
You can't.
Thank goodness.
I have the script that you're going to read.
Is that so important?
Of course.
They're all my scripts that I ever wrote.
And I couldn't back up...
your first show.
We're saved.
But...
you weren't planning to go home, were you?
What?
Look. You didn't even bring your stuff.
You came because you were worried about me, right?
I did not.
I couldn't leave because there's no beat.
Don't be absurd.
Here it is.
The bus is here.
It must have been a while since you rode the bus.
If you were in a car,
or in a van with tinted windows,
you couldn't see a view like this.
It may take longer,
but when else would you get to enjoy this view?
Right?
The radio is super slow as well.
Just like this slow bus,
just like that sunset that is following us,
it is very slow.
That's why I like the radio.
Sir. Where are we?
Is it much farther to Donggong-ri?
What? Donggong-ri?
That's in the opposite direction.
The bus in the opposite direction stopped running.
What?
What is this mess?
Why do these things always happen when I'm with...
Don't you worry.
I'll call Mr. Lee and...
Thank you.
I'll call him.
But... Where are we?
(Sung Yi's Bed and Breakfast)
Soo Ho.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm... I'm fine.
Who are you?
You're back.
You're finally back.
Thank you.
I've...
waited every single day for you to come.
Hello, Mr. Lee.
I'm with Soo Ho right now.
Something came up, so we came somewhere.
You punk!
Look at the time.
Do you know how worried I was?
Why weren't you calling?
I'm sorry.
After I found my bag,
I didn't realize the bus came from the other side.
Where are you? What's the address?
Well... Where am I?
Just a minute.
- Let's go. - Excuse me.
I'll call you back.
We should at least say bye to him first.
Hey. No! You can't go! You can't go!
You can't go!
You can't go.
You said you'd be back when you left before,
and you didn't come back until now.
You can't go. You can't!
Let's go in.
- Sir... - Let's go in!
Go in.
Okay.
Is Soo Ho with Ms. Song?
Is he or not?
Here.
Eat up.
Okay. Slowly. Slowly.
Dip it in the salt.
Slowly. Eat slowly, and eat a lot.
Here. Hey.
Don't touch.
You can eat the neck.
It's tender and delicious.
Eat up.
Go on. Eat up.
Anyway,
does Soo Ho look that much like your son?
He is my son.
What's wrong with you?
Anyway,
are you my son's girlfriend?
No. I am not.
I'm not his girlfriend.
You're not? Okay. Here, eat.
Does it taste okay?
Yes, it tastes good.
You'll stay the night, right?
Right?
Eat up.
So, I think we'll have to stay the night.
Yes. He won't let Soo Ho go,
and there are no buses.
I'm sorry. We can't hold our meeting because of me.
It's fine. Be careful not to catch a cold.
See you tomorrow.
Is Geu Rim with Soo Ho?
Here.
Let's drink.
[VIU Ver] KBS2 E04 Radio Romance "One Night Two Days with Ji Soo Ho"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Come out.
You've watched too many movies.
You're a star too.
What if someone takes your picture?
That's what I want. What's it to you?
So when will you do what I asked?
I'm Soo Ho's manager.
- So? - Soo Ho...
defines my job.
Thus, I fight for him, not for me.
That's my role.
So?
You don't even know where he is right now.
You're his manager,
but you abandoned him 12 years ago.
I guess I'm right.
Well... Sir,
did you keep sending postcards to radio shows?
I kept writing them to help find my son,
but look, he came home.
These are the ones I didn't mail yet.
You wrote all of these?
You'll read them, right?
I'll go next door now...
and leave you two alone.
But... But...
Good night.
Oh, my gosh.
What are you doing?
Soo Ho.
What are you doing out here?
I was sleeping, but a roach this big came out.
It woke me right up.
I figured I'd edit my script.
Still, what if...
you catch a cold?
I'm too scared to go in.
Will you catch it for me?
Are you insane?
Actually, Soo Ho.
- What? - Will you read this?
It's the opening for your first show.
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance)
I've always dreamed...
of the beautiful first day when my DJ...
reads from my script.
I'm almost there.
This is my favorite song.
Do you know this song?
Here. It's cold.
Do you know...
what song request comes in the most on rainy days?
When the song I want to hear...
is played because someone requested it,
it is so comforting.
Do you know how that feels?
What is he like?
(1:1 confidential consultations)
This is what I do.
Come on.
No, not you. Soo Ho.
This is what I do, so...
I'm more curious.
Why did you cast Soo Ho as your DJ?
You don't know what he's like.
There's an Arabic word, "inshallah."
God willing.
That's sort of how it happened.
I'd like to invite you into the booth,
our confidential therapist.
- Me? - Yes.
- Inshallah. - Inshallah.
Soo Ho couldn't drink at all.
(Calling Joon Woo)
Sir.
Where's Soo Ho?
He left again.
He left without a word.
Ms. Song!
Soo Ho isn't here, is he?
Did you sleep well?
I was worried.
Where did Soo Ho go?
I couldn't find him anywhere this morning.
They say this is the first boat.
He must still be somewhere on the island.
Anyway,
why doesn't Soo Ho carry a cell phone?
You don't even have a cell phone,
but you remembered my number.
How could I not remember?
That day...
I called you dozens of times.
Soo Ho.
If you hate me that much,
I'll quit.
Get a new manager.
You...
are an actor who needs a manager.
Don't suffer because of me.
Really?
Do you really want to quit?
See?
You can't even answer the follow-up question.
Bye.
Welcome home, sir.
Give me 30 minutes.
Let's have our meeting after 30 minutes.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
I called you here...
to offer you my support.
If there is a DJ or guest that you want,
JH will support you with what you need.
Why is that?
If you need advertisers or sponsors,
we can help you with that as well.
But I have a condition.
A condition? What condition...
I'm looking at one month.
One month?
If I support you,
can you get Song Geu Rim to quit...
in a month?
I'd prefer that Soo Ho work with a writer...
who is experienced and respected like you.
What do you think?
(Radio Broadcasting Mistakes)
These are possible problems...
you may face in the radio booth,
and broadcasting mistakes...
over the years sorted by date.
This is the script for the first episode.
I knew you'd do this,
but it makes me mad actually seeing you here.
You should've said you were leaving.
Do you know how worried I was?
This was the first time...
I wished you'd get a cell phone.
Really?
Thank goodness.
I was very worried.
I don't get it.
Why did he go alone without saying anything?
I don't know.
You should ask him yourself later.
Okay.
Would you let him know...
that I emailed him the proposal...
and the script?
Please ask him to review them.
Okay, bye.
Soo Ho. You really are impossible to read.
Whenever I think we got a little closer,
he changes again day after day.
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance, D-5)
Here is the 23rd edit, Mr. Lee.
Let me see.
I always say...
you should read your script aloud, right?
See if it sounds natural and reads like a story.
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance)
Redo it.
Redo it. Redo it.
Song Geu Rim.
Don't lose, okay?
Show them what you can do.
(You can go...)
(On a trip without taking a plane or a train.)
(From day to night)
(From night to morning)
(Every time the sky changes)
(You can take a trip.)
"Every time the sky changes,"
"You can take a trip..."
It's finally my first show.
Soo Ho will do well tomorrow, right?
I'm so worried.
He wouldn't meet with the team,
and I couldn't see him.
Why aren't you keeping in touch with Ms. Song?
Didn't you get super close after the overnight trip?
We are hanging on in this radio station...
with a historical mission.
What is the core value of the radio?
The circulation in an invisible world.
What is he talking about?
Our passion as we create the world...
If we don't get ratings up, he'll kill us.
It's a prerecorded show. Why is he overreacting?
Once again, we...
Hey. Why is it so noisy?
Outside,
Ji Soo Ho's fans gathered for his first show.
Okay, everyone. Are you ready?
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Okay. Let's go.
Are you scared?
- Sorry? - Are you nervous...
about your first show?
Yes.
I've waited so long for this moment,
and that makes me even more afraid.
- Newbie. - Yes?
There were only three types of writers...
that I've ever met at a radio station.
They write scripts well, have good ideas,
or are good at getting guests.
However,
I haven't met a writer with all three.
Geu Rim.
You will be the first writer with all three.
He's here!
Soo Ho!
How do you feel on the day of your first radio show?
I was too nervous to sleep last night.
Thank you.
Please say something to your fans.
How do you feel right now?
A word please!
Please!
- A word! - Please say something!
- Look this way! - Over here!
Coming through. Excuse us.
He looks so hot.
Look at him.
His face is seriously a work of art.
I can stare at him all day.
I read this once in a book.
Every time we let out a sigh,
a little bit of happiness escapes.
(Do you want to take a trip?)
In a packed subway, when your boss nags you,
when you have to work late once again...
How many times...
- will we sigh today? - Ms. Song.
It's different from your script.
Did he really write a brand-new script?
How about we smile instead during those moments...
when we want to sigh?
Who knows?
Every time we smile,
happiness may come to us.
We will begin Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance...
with a song to make you smile.
He's going with the song we chose.
Nice song selection.
Geu Rim. The opening comment was awesome.
Applause. Nice.
Okay, applause.
It's like you were born to be on the radio.
How are you such a natural?
It's all thanks to Mr. Lee and Ms. Song.
You're so modest.
I really want to shake your hand right now.
You did great today.
You did a great job.
Get home safely.
He's so clueless.
Why don't we all go out for dinner to celebrate?
I have plans, so I need to get going.
You do.
Of course, you should go.
Today won't be the last chance.
Let's go.
A celebrity really is different.
Bye.
For two hours,
he didn't read a single line from your script.
You have a meeting with the writers.
I'll go by myself. You may go home.
Sure. Good work today. See you tomorrow.
Soo Ho.
Did you get home safely that day?
I was worried because you left without a word.
I had thought we became pretty close that day.
But the Ji Soo Ho I met today is a new person.
I sent you...
15 versions of the opening comment.
Did you know that?
You don't.
You didn't even check my emails.
You didn't even read my scripts.
I know it's up to you whether or not...
you read the script that I write,
but shouldn't you at least...
read it first before making that decision?
Hey, Newbie.
You're depressed and going...
to drink soju by yourself, aren't you?
You'll get drunk quickly...
if you drink soju on a day like this.
Come with me.
I'll be nice and show you my hideout today.
Get in.
I'll just go alone today...
Stop talking.
(Radio Romance)
I thought he had changed...
because he kept saying, "Namaste."
But they're empty words!
At least you aren't saying you'll quit.
I'm not the type of person...
who gives up or quits.
I've never lost to anyone either.
Why does the writer who won over Ji Soo Ho...
look so depressed?
Why does life flip flop so much?
That lunatic.
What happened between him and Soo Ho?
Mr. Lee. Let's stop and redo it from the top.
What was that just now?